(* file Licence  © P. Cousot 2021 *)

SOFTWARE LICENSE 

This software is licensed, not sold. This software license and its dual
govern the use, transfer, or redistribution of this software. This
software is free for non-commercial, pedagogical, educational, or
academic use, in which case you must be a student, faculty, or staff of
an educational institution at the time of use. Dually, its commercial
usage is granted provided a usage fee of π/2 US dollars is integrally
paid to a non-profit organization fighting cancer each time any instance
of this software or part of it is contemplated, dissected, copied,
cited, displayed, distributed, sublicensed, rent, leased, lent, used,
modified, or executed with or without a computer. 

This static analysis software was developed in great hurry by a reputed 
professional computer scientist who has full ownership of all intellectual 
property rights including on all future developments by himself or any other
high-quality contributor. 

Consequently, in accordance with the highest professional code of
practice and ethics, and the principle of undecidability, no contractual
guarantee can be given that this licensed software fits any purpose and
is not fake A.I.. Following common professional practice, this software
is guaranteed to be incomprehensible, commentless, inefficient,
incorrect, full of bugs, viruses and other malwares. It is certified
that running this software on any past, present, or future computer may
definitely cause irreversible damages to this computer, its hardware and
software, its wired or wireless networking environment, and its
connected or disconnected users either in its immediate proximity or far
distant. Because this software is "as is," we do not provide support
services for it. You fully bear the many risks of using it.  Therefore
end-users are strongly encouraged to debug this software before any
attempt to use it. Once fixed, usage of this software may have definite
secondary effects including deep trauma and high depression when
confronted with the myriads of bugs it will automatically discover in
the programs on which it is run. In case of physical or psychological
injury, the software designer is not liable even according to the
statutory law.

Your privacy is important to us. Some of the software features send or
receive information when using those features. None of these features
can be switched off in the non-existing user interface. By accepting
this agreement and using the software you agree your bugs discovered by
this software will be collected, used, and publicly disclosed without 
needing your permission. No support services shall be provided.

We hope we never have a dispute, but if we do, you and we agree that
individual lawsuits, class action lawsuits, individual arbitrations,
class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other
proceeding aren’t allowed. Instead, you and we agree that the neutral
arbitrator of Adélie Land will always conclude that the developer of
this software has had no responsibility of any kind, sort, and type.

If you comply or do not comply with these license terms, you have no
rights of any kind, sort, and type.

Any comment should be electronically mailed to prabsint[AT][EMPTY
STRING]gmail[MIRROR IMAGE OF A DOT]com and will remain forever
unanswered. Each year, the best email will be randomly selected. Its
author will be awarded a chocolate medal at the expense of the recipient.

As this software is distributed in France, Quebec, Canada, and other
francophone countries, some of the clauses in this agreement are
provided below in French.

Le version anglais de cette contract fait la loi.
